Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ohze, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh,
on
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data
has been thinking things about the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that they find there's something that you can tell us it is possible to cause that the bad
And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie. You know, I don't think I'm a liar. I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar. I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I'm not sure exactly who he is. His name is JJ Cooley, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.
And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
Actually, I remember someone else suggesting that I should write a handwritten note to Neil Oliver.
I do think that if given in some alternate reality that guy would speak to me, I think it would be an interesting conversation.
I just went slightly ballistic in a zoom chat about an hour ago or half an hour ago.
I was going to go on a 10-10, but there was a panda meeting at 10 o'clock, 9-30, whatever that I really wanted to attend because a friend of mine was presenting there.
In that presentation, I watched the second half of it or so. I don't know. They get interrupted a lot.
Let me just get this done first, right?
There's a lot of question and answer at panda if you join that meeting, and there's going to be open panda meetings now.
You're going to present at one of those in the next month or so. I was just asked by Denise if I wanted to present again, and so I definitely will.
Because it is not a matter of what is true that counts, but a matter of what is perceived to be true.
And I really think that rather than talking about the questions that we are proposing that people are just attributing bad motives to me, and it's getting uglier and uglier, but that's okay.
That's what we expected to happen.
We are one of the only places on the internet where you talk about biology, but we can at least admit that fractional reserve banking is an obviously child level wickedness that's easy to understand.
And we're also aware that we're not going to wake everyone up.
But we have to save those that we can.
We have to make those that we can aware of the motivations behind this and how long these motivations have existed, how long these idea chains have existed.
Teacher teaches students, student becomes teacher, teacher has another student, yada yada yada.
That's where we are right now.
And some of these students of them may not understand the lies that have been perpetrated on them and that they are perpetuating because they haven't bothered to learn the history themselves.
They've taken what their mentors have told them is true, and that means that like us, they would have given power over to a charlatan.
It's not very many people would have to look up to and work for liars before you could have a small little cadre of very learned academicians, people that over the course of a couple generations have come to believe that what they are doing is real
and what they measure is real and they've come to be blind to the logical weaknesses of the methodologies in which they engage.
And of course, because they are surrounded by a few people that are aware of these incongruencies, they can't wake up.
And as we all start to wake up to this massive illusion, we have to make sure that we do it gently.
We have to be sure that we diffuse the anger that will almost certainly result when people understand how much they don't know how much they've been lied to.
And so think of it like a wave, think of it like a wave that has been crashing over a lot of people over and over again over these past four years and so they've become very terrified of the wave.
They've become very, very reliant on the boat, reliant on the life preservers given to them by TV and social media.
And those life preservers don't help against this wave, they don't do anything.
And every time the wave comes by and crashes again, they think, wow, there's nothing I can do but cling to my life preserver, no.
We can surf our way out of this, ladies and gentlemen, there's a more elegant way to defeat the illusion and that is to learn the biology, stay focused on it.
That is to not take their bait on TV and social media, all of the mythologies and stories and shiny objects need to be ignored.
And you need to love your neighbor. Focus on loving your family again, loving your kids again, loving your mom and dad again, loving your neighbor again in ways that you haven't done since the start of the pandemic.
Ladies and gentlemen, Giga Home Biological works through a small number of financial contributors that are listed at the beginning of this as active, sustaining subscribers, but there are also people who just donate.
And, you know, a few dollars here and a few dollars there, sometimes a hundred dollars, sometimes more.
Greg James, Stefan Kohn, and I'm talking to you guys.
And then a hundred subscribers, so 140 subscribers, if you are starting to get some value out of Giga Home Biological, you're starting to see what is really here.
And want to support it, it's at GigaHomebiological.com. Thank you very much for even thinking about making those clicks.
I'm going to restart this because I don't want to go into copyrighted music and this is my friend's music here.
And so I know I'm very okay with playing this.
So there is a paradigm shift happening. That's why everybody's panicking and doubling down, trying to edify the perceived actions that they took in 2020.
Their perceived role as a leader in 2020 when they weren't even there.
And this illusion will only be sustained through your active participation.
You keep listening to their version of the story and you won't be able to engage in noncompliance.
If you keep using their terminology and arguing about their sequences and arguing about their immunomethology, then you will not be able to engage in noncompliance.
You need to have simple ways of declaring that their biology is bunk.
And that's what we're going to open the show with, like we do every day.
We're going to open the show with a few statements about that and then we're going to watch a movie.
Thank you.
Good morning.
Good morning. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, this is Giga Ohm Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by a biologist.
It is May 5th, 2008, 8th of May, 2024.
Where's the five on that screen?
My name is Jonathan Cooley. I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
This is the back of my garage.
I'm lucky enough to have a garage.
It also has a little what used to be a wood shop or something like that back here.
And so I converted this room to my studio when we moved here a couple, three years ago now.
And it has worked out okay because I can be loud at night.
I can work in peace and I'm also at home and out of the way of everybody when I'm doing it.
But this is where I'm at.
And I really am blessed to have a little, a little, a little studio like this.
It makes me very happy to come every morning to work.
And so I'm very blessed to have the people supporting me that I do.
Thanks very much, Greg.
Thanks, Steven.
Thanks all of the subscribers.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent.
We might say transfection and transformation so that some of these nitpicking biologists that will try to say that Jay doesn't know what he's talking about.
Because transformation is also a word.
It's really a word set that has evolved over time depending on what methodologies were available and depending on what they wanted you to think about or what they wanted to get funded.
But it started with transformation indeed.
And it eventually moved also to transfection.
And in transfection, infection, these are all words that biologists make stuff up.
And then once they make these words up, then these phenomenon supposedly start to exist.
And that's really what a lot of the enchantment is based upon.
I would go so far as to say that much of, you know, it's a giant book here, a giant book called Prion Biology and Diseases by Stanley Prusner.
A lot of the work that is in this book is work that is based on the idea of falsifying a null hypothesis and using P values to decide whether or not you've done that.
And so with creativity and a little bit of noise, a great deal of phenomenon can be developed into a textbook without necessarily, at the time, still not really everyone in the world agrees that this textbook is just, you know, information, knowledge.
And I think over the next few months, we're going to find out that a lot of this is not knowledge in the way that it is portrayed by the biosecurity state, just like the knowledge in some virology textbooks is not the knowledge that it is portrayed by the biosecurity state.
And so it is very, very, very important to understand that the way that we have gone about creating knowledge has allowed us to be overcome by an inordinate amount of useless information.
Misconstrued as knowledge. That's what academia is all about. And that's why I call it Academy of Magic. It is an Academy of Magic.
They have learned how to cut a sausage into infinitely, infinitely thin slices and call that work.
And more importantly, a lot of times, the slight, the sausage that they are cutting is actually imaginary. It's kind of like a straw man.
And that's what a no hypothesis ends up becoming. And so over the next few weeks, we are going to delve deeply into that from the broken science initiative angle.
And we're going to watch a few lectures, take a few notes. We're going to follow the course of Matt Briggs, and we're going to try and understand how probability could be used to help to edify the creation of knowledge.
But not as the foundational years through which observation can be ground in order to generate knowledge, which is how it is really done now in science.
Essentially, science purports to use probability as a coffee grinder and you put the beans of observation in the top and out the bottom comes ground knowledge that you can make coffee from, which would be like publications and theories and hypotheses.
And that's just bullshit statistics doesn't work like that.
And, and so a lot of these, these concepts are broad enough so that I think you and I can tackle them with the help of people like Matt Briggs, who's more than willing to come on as often as necessary to discuss the finer points of any of these issues and to help us work through them over the next few months.
And also, I think we're going to be able to get a few other people from the broken science initiative to join us for a stream or two and that's really going to start to.
I think really build up a catalog of work that's, that's going to represent another level up. And finally, what I started to comment on in the beginning about the Panda meeting.
I really wish that was not happening. I assume it's a bird, but I don't know for sure the front door keeps ringing.
The Panda meeting that I attended for about a half an hour this morning, it was a discussion about the sequences and the phylogeny of SARS-CoV-2 and the whole Providence of a novel virus.
And my friend was giving the presentation and, and, and he's, he's a very thoughtful ecologist who's worked on trees and other things and ecologists are really the best biologists to tap as far as getting them to understand the illusion of a pandemic
and why RNA cannot pandemic the last statement on the screen here because they've, they have tools and have tried to, to, to surmount challenges that are similar to what the cartoon drawing of a virus is.
If they are portrayed, if they, they understand the card, what the cartoon implies. And in fact, I would say that ecologists, especially molecularly ecologists can understand what the cartoon of virology implies better than almost any other biologist, especially in the brass tax, you know, what, what mathematics and what kind of exercises are involved to create the data of virology.
And these ecologists have a very insightful skepticism to it. Now, the unfortunate thing is, and this is really a, it really is a,
it's a really, that kind of moment. We don't have very many well trained ecologists anymore. That's like a, that's like a sector of biology that's just kind of gone by the wayside, just like the molecular biology of plants can barely get any, any
regular NIH funding. But if you're molecularly alter plants or anything like that, it's great.
So what I'm trying to say here with this is that RNA cannot pandemic, I think is the more that I say it and the more that I repeat that RNA can't pandemic but in order to create a field of virology so that it feels like to everybody engaged in it, that there's something to study,
you cannot underestimate how the, the fidelity of virology is wholly dependent on the, the accepted methodology of going back to a synthetic DNA sequence that represents whatever you want to study and then make your viruses from there, either by generating RNA off that DNA and then
transfecting a cell culture or transforming a cell culture with that DNA directly and letting the cell culture make the RNA for you. Both, both methodologies are used.
Both of them are ubiquitous under the, the virology term of infectious clone. I think infectious clone is a terrible word. It should just be transfecting clone. It should be a clone for transfection. It could just be called a molecular clone.
It could just, and you want to call it a clone. Why? Not because it's a copy of something in nature, you want to call it a clone because it's a pure copy.
If you have a clone of a, a marijuana plant and there are eight of them, then that's a pure, that's a clone, right? Those are all clones.
And when you say you have an infectious clone, what you really mean are clones. You have molecular clones. Many, many, many, many, many molecular clones. They're exactly the same molecule, which cannot exist in nature. And so any emergent phenomenon that occur when you apply this large, pure quantity of a molecule to a cell culture cannot be equated to when you take a
bronchial lavage sample and put it on that same cell culture. It just, it's not. Even if you purport to find the same sequence in that culture or do some analysis where some, some parts of a coronavirus sequence are present and then you assume the rest are there and you didn't get them.
And then you make an infectious clone, a molecular clones, large quantities of molecular clones of that purported sequence, you will have already stepped outside of the natural, whatever it is.
I don't know what that natural phenomenon is for sure, but I know it is not recapitulated by making large quantities of the consensus molecule that you say you found in that original sample.
And so if we talk about consensus sequences and we talk about quasi species and we talk about the evolution of a virus, we are talking about them as if they are patterned integrates like we are like insects are like plants are, and they are not.
And by talking about them with those terms, we are enabling virology to have more and more of its implied fidelity, which it does not have.
That fidelity can only be implied if you allow them to imply that they have all of the attributes of a pattern integrity.
They are just a molecule coated in some lipids. They are not a pattern integrity that can take materials in and incorporate it.
And then at the same time, degrades materials and gets rid of them.
Breeds in oxygen, exhales CO2. The oxygen does stuff wherever it goes. The CO2 is a byproduct of wherever it came from.
But for a while, those molecules are incorporated in our system and part of our homeostatic dance that is us as a pattern integrity.
But the molecules that are in your body now are not going to be there in three years.
The skin on your skin is not going to be there in 30 days. The whole thing is new.
And so we are a pattern integrity because we take material in, we lose material all the time, we use energy to sustain this pattern.
And you can't attribute a bunch of emergent properties that occur when a bunch of humans interact with a bunch of other and patterned
properties over the course of thousands of years. You can't attribute emergent properties that come from a system like that to molecular noise that occurs at the bottom.
And they have tried so hard for 40 years to convince us that viruses are exclusively biology that is outside of us.
And that has been the job of people like Peter Dasek and Ralph Barrick and Tony Fauci and all of these people going all the way back to the special cancer virus program.
And from the very beginning, the idea was to establish the firm mythology that viruses and all the enzymes associated with them are exclusively the the auspices of these obligate molecular pathogens outside of us, foreign things.
And I am suggesting to every academic biologist in the world who I would have agreed with three years ago that we have been bamboozled and we can wake up academic biologists can actually figure this out.
We can we can reason through it.
And figure out each one of us on our own that while RNA can up and oh my gosh infectious clones just means a bunch of molecular clones it just means a lot of the same molecule.
And then they put it on cell culture and took the supernatant and put that in an animal. That's how this is done wait is there another paper like this.
And it happened to every academic biologist that sees this and thinks.
So there's no sub stack need to be written.
There's no, you know, big message that needs to go out because because these are very simple and clear ideas that with a little work either either the word infectious clone doesn't come up with anything in PubMed and there's nothing to read or infectious clone comes up with something in PubMed and maybe you need to think carefully
about what I'm saying. The first being that infectious clone in and of itself is part of the semantic enchantment.
It should be called molecular clones and they make molecular clones of something that they claim to be able to find in the wild and I'm very skeptical of their ability to claim that.
For the most part as far as I can see finding these coronaviruses in the wild really involves a single amplicon purported to be from the RNA dependent RNA polymerase and if they find that amplicon then they in essence amplify the noise in the background and reconstruct a coronavirus genome from it and if they can't do it.
They still assume it's there.
And up until at least 2015 this is more or less how it is this is more or less how it was.
So yeah, that's that's that's that's it.
So we have this hypothesis I'll leave it up there for just a second in case you want to pause it and read it if you're here for the first time but I won't waste everybody's time.
We also have a guy by the name of James Giordano that you can look up on YouTube and that's not for nothing he is the public facing brochure if you will of this biosecurity state that wants you to believe that there's all kinds of technologies that are waiting in the background that they may
be deploying and the one thing that that I think is useful is this video from 2017 where he describes the seating of the narrative of a pandemic using a toxin.
So they're not going to there isn't a pandemic but they want to convince a country that there is one that there's an epidemic and so they see the few cases and then they lie about it on the Internet and that lie includes asymptomatic spread.
And so my argument now and I'm going to keep repeating it because I think it's important for me to practice making this argument my argument now is that one of the concepts we all need to understand is that that narrative is a public facing brochure narrative.
It doesn't tell you the whole story.
The whole story is is that when they use the Internet the fifth generation warfare that they use his liars, people that have been given a narrative to curate a direction to to run and told that if they if they do that that this this will assist in the
accomplishment of of of 100% of full compliance.
And so people were recruited very early they were put in place very early people's book deals came through in 2017 2018 2019 people revolted against their faculty and got a half a million dollar settlement in 2017 2018.
People started their their podcasts and decided it was finally time to start an alternative media in 2017 2018 2019.
And these people were all in place and already artificially elevated not by AI but by algorithms which are programs that just say you're going to see this person and you're not going to see that person and Joe Rogan and Brett Weinstein and his brother
and Reuben and Shapiro and and the list is very very very very long of people who populated the Internet were encouraged given sponsorships comfort and fame just to stay focused just to interview the people that they're told to interview
and then with a coordinated group of liars the story of a pandemic would never be questioned and in fact with a coordinated group of liars the only thing that anyone would ever do if they were skillfully watching TV or skillfully using social media
his be bamboozled into questioning whether it was a real virus like a natural one from a bat cave or whether it was a real virus from a laboratory like again a function one that somebody designed
and then after that there are all kinds of sub arguments about whether they released it and who released it and who did it and we were stuck in all of those hamster wheels all of us on looking at different stages but we were all stuck in those hamster wheels
for 2020 and 2021 and those were the two years listen carefully those were the two years where where the transition to to slavery occurred
those are the that's the transition where the cognitive dissidents dissidents that everybody was engaging in started to become the lie became true because people took the shots
once people took the shots and they didn't get hurt that was already evidence that it can't be that bad and they must have good intentions so for every shot that was a placebo for every shot that person got lucky with
for every shot that hasn't hurt anybody yet we have people who believe that well then I guess everything is fine
so that's one problem the next problem is is that everybody who knows something is wrong has been following someone who was is sure that there was a novel virus is sure that there was a novel sickness some people like Meryl Nass will say that she's had it three times although she never tested
some people like Robert Malone will tell you a story that he had it at a super spreader event interesting enough the other person that tells a story about a super spreader event
his Kevin McCarran and he talks about being one in Korea and so we have all of these people who were in place very early on who knew what they should say were very very very convinced certain that they were right and I wasn't one of them
but I had I was interacting with a lot of these people who were certain they were right and it was very very difficult for me to not get sucked into what was essentially a Milgram experiment or a some kind of you know operation
and it wasn't just me a lot of people they were in they were in contact with a lot of people Robert Malone at some point was going on six to nine podcasts a day
so these people have been spreading their very nicely curated message which seems like they're they're opposing the narrative but in fact they are fully engaged in seeding
the impetus to solve the mystery to the impetus to solve the mystery of who to blame this novel virus on
and my argument is very succinctly that Robert Malone is sophisticated enough to be able to tell you why RNA cannot pandemic Robert Malone cut his teeth intellectually with the people who have basically curated created and curated
this narrative of viruses and preons and all this stuff outside of you biological phenomenon that are working against you
so that they can study it without you know there being any ethical problems with it they can study it without anybody understanding it and they can use it against us
I'm sure that he's sophisticated enough I'm sure of it I'm sure of it
well put your gloves on before you unload the lumber and yeah so I think a lot of them are sophisticated enough to address the issue that RNA can't pandemic and that infectious clones
that the molecular clones of the RNA that they purport to find in nature have been the only way that RNA virology and coronavirus biology in particular has been able to flourish without this methodology which is wrongfully
blamed on Ralph Barrick as the no-seum technique because we have been using restriction enzyme sites to construct long DNA molecules for a very long time and somebody like Kevin McCurnan definitely knows that Kevin McCurnan being one of the senior molecular biologists currently alive because he cut his teeth after high school working for the Human Genome Project could explain very succinctly why making
molecular clones of a DNA that is purported to represent an RNA that was found in the wild but that RNA was constructed from a genome from a database or a genome from a series of other findings because that's really what coronavirus biology is
that's what Ralph Barrick's contribution was to this whole idea here's the minimum number of genes you need in order to get this RNA sequence to kind of behave like what we claim we can find in the wild
and what they did was they went out into the wild they found a single amplicon of the RNA dependent RNA polymerase about a 350 base pair sequence and if they found that then they use metagenomic sequence to amplify the whole background and looked for other things that probably were there
probably were there in the background of a lot of samples especially with metagenomic sequencing depending on the size of the fragment that you search with you can generate a lot of things being there without them being there
and that has been one of the rightful criticisms brought by the no-virus people to the table with regard to metagenomic sequencing
it's an absolute black box algorithm that uses the noise from a radio and tells you that there's a particular sentence being said
and if you parse that noise sufficiently and use a sufficient algorithm you can grind whatever you want out of sufficient amount of noise
and so I think it's really important to understand that that's not the only illusion here
the other illusion here is then what really happened
if the other illusion then that I'm arguing is so frustrating that no-virus people don't seem to say that
CHD doesn't seem to be able to say that I can can't say that all these people that are writing books about Ivermectin and CDC records don't seem to be able to say
is that then if there was no novel spreading pathogen in any of the records that John Bodwin has looked at
there are no non- there's no spreading pathogen in all the records that Denny Rankor has ever looked at or any of these other people that have looked at all cause mortality locally
or nationwide or any of these other data sets that have been analyzed and can't find anything in 2020 that looks like a spreading pathogen
can find they can find excess deaths those are murders
and so the illusion that is being sustained here is being sustained by not addressing the fact that they're obviously then there were murders
Steve Kirsch focusing on vaccines and the Amish focusing on the vaccine injury that CNN has finally admitted
everybody saying that the New York Times has finally admitted that vaccines have injured people still aren't saying that old vaccines and the new transfections are different
they're still not saying the truth Chris Martinson can make a stream that says vaccine injuries are now public but he's not actually telling you the truth
Brett Weinstein can make a podcast about oh look the New York Times admits that people were injured by these vaccines and he will continue to fail to tell children the truth
because they weren't vaccines they never were vaccines it was always criminally negligent to transfect people or to transform people and people like Robert Malone knew it
and so by letting these people become public figures letting them get in front of the Senate and cry about transfection while not calling it transfection except once every once in a while
not clarifying why that word could have been used in 2020 the reason why they don't want to clarify it is because Jessica Rose could have used it in 2020
Brett Weinstein could have used it if he's a biologist his wife Heather could have used it if she's a biologist Chris, Chris Martinson says that he's a Duke trained pathologist so he could have probably used transfection
he's in the same signal chat as Brett and me so he knows that I have been advocating for that word since 2021 maybe even 2020 they've known
drastic drastic as a whole group of people that could have used the word transfection because they threw me out of their group because I wanted them to use it
I wanted to just investigate the Scooby-Doo origins of the virus
you know who else was part of drastic Luigi Warren Luigi Warren is supposedly somebody who did a postdoc with one of the Moderna guys
he was on the front cover of USA Today in 2020 talking about how the Moderna mRNA was going to be really great
that's the guy who sent me an article about Merrick's disease and got me spinning about the idea that maybe we were going to create some kind of bad virus after we transfected people and got me running in that hamster wheel for half a year
Luigi Warren look him up all he does now is talk shit about American politics he doesn't talk about molecular biology or anything even though he was on the on a dual spread
today article in 2020 as a hero part of the mRNA crew but of course on Twitter he was kind of saying skeptically that I don't know if it's such a good idea I don't know I don't know
we've been played ladies and gentlemen we were played over four years we're still being played right now because the people that are in front of us are the players
and they all unfortunately the ones that I'm talking about have have personally interacted and done me wrong in one way or another
because they all know that this is the truth they have to know it's for you it's four and a half years later now they all have to know I've known for two years Marx known for two years
if Kennedy juniors known for three years that they're lying about something he still doesn't understand the biology maybe he never will because he doesn't want to I don't know but I've told him this I've explained to him this
it's in the book it's not perfectly in the book but it's there
ladies and gentlemen they lied about killing people and they're governing us by those lies they murdered people they lied about it and they govern us with those lies
and the people that are fighting for the vaccine injured are still lying to you because they should be fighting for the transfected
they're still lying to you because they're still telling you that there's long COVID and that there's a real gain of function virus that's still evolving
that has evolved like a color pattern across the world with dominant strains
like a gigantic pattern integrity
like birds that knows when to change in the right direction when but it's molecularly
this mythology needs to be broken we need to teach our kids the biology of it so that they're sophisticated enough to know how malevolent this lie is
a generation of American kids that's intellectually disabled effectively because of the vaccine schedule do you realize that?
Ladies and gentlemen they've been lying to you about the potential for gain of function research for a long time
they've been writing stories, they've been writing grants, they've been doing 60 minutes episodes about it with Peter Dasek in the 60 minutes episodes
so you think it's really just random that at the beginning of 2020 the guy that got into a 60 minutes episode is George Webb about whether it was a lab leak or a planted virus whether America did it or not
and that three years into the pandemic one of the most promoted with links adversaries of the legendary hero Robert Malone is none other than George Webb
gumshu extraordinaire come on guys I met George Webb in person he wouldn't even look me in the eyes and when he introduced me to his little group of people he said here is the famous or great or bla bla bla bla
J.J. Cooey I'm sorry but I believe that George Webb is a liar I don't know who he's lying for I don't know what team he plays for but he's not helping us he's working for somebody else
his schtick is in being encouraged by somebody else he's doing damage to the movement to find the truth just like Robert Malone is just like Sasha Latopova is
just like I believe a lot of these people are they are all medlers and they have been medlers for a long time medlers that were put in place before the pandemic if you look you will see it
when did Tom Collins book come out when did when did Judy Mickovitz's book come out they don't all have to know all the details of the lie they all just have to be going along with it for fortune for fame for comfort for whatever
I hate the fact that Children's Health Defense published Robert Malone's book
what I really hate is that I didn't see it I didn't understand it even when I was working at CHD I didn't understand it that
me speaking out against Robert Malone behind the scenes at CHD wasn't doing me any good wasn't doing anyone any good because they were selling his book they needed to sell that's what was one of the things they were they were filling their coffers with
if that's the organization needs money to pay the 70 people that work there
Mary Holland doesn't get 50,000 a year and they don't give shitty insurance to these these autistic children that are associated with the heroes of the organization of course not so in order to accomplish their goals they need money how do they get money they sell books
and that's fine it's a great way to make money because you know you get this stuff out there but what if all the things that CHD puts out aren't edifying the goal that Brian Hooker has that Laura Bono has that all of these autism parents have
can you imagine that scenario where the whole chapter system of CHD allows that to happen where the whole selling of books kind of allows that to happen where the narrative can still be controlled even by empowering and giving a voice
to some of these people as long as you give them a voice that is again sort of muddled by other messages confused by other messages that are definitely not as sharp as the others then it kind of works out right
if you put some people over there shouting about free speech and mandates and how great it is that CHD is fighting for that stuff then everybody's not buying the green book
and it's focused on the fact that Brian Hooker showed that the CDC is a lying organization and instead everybody's focused over there on the on the free speech and on the mandates and on the on the stuff that isn't really
related to what I would see is the core goal of CHD would be to get rid of the vaccine schedule but their core goal now is health freedom
means giving a mic or in this case a book deal to Robert Malone and his wife because Robert Malone and his wife are writers and Emu and horse breeders and they get in costume and they ride around and they also tour the world
and they go on cruises off the coast of Turkey to cry and coordinate the dissonant message with other people around the world
they go to Romania a couple times a year it's all just you know superheroes and then us people who can only get up in the morning make breakfast for their kids and then do a stream and then maybe mow the lawn and have a conversation with their wife before dinner
all these superheroes that can put out three or four sub stacks five six eight nine sub stacks a week each sub stack about 14 pages long that's Robert Malone
plus he's building new buildings on his property at the foot of the Shenandoah National Forest come on ladies and gentlemen this guy was giving talks at the at the World Health Organization decades ago
and the person that was moderating the the meeting was Rick Bright is Rick Bright still his boss was Robert Malone like part of running barda I mean where what is Robert Malone's real thing we don't know he's he's clearly lied about something
because if you look at his head is record his his unblemished track record of hundreds of podcasts the story is not consistent the story about Michael Callahan's not consistent the story about the methodologies used in domain is sad
I mean he's he said things like laser scanning confocal microscopy he said things like x-ray crystallography computer models he said scanning all of the known pharmaceuticals and nutraceuticals of the FDA in a matter of weeks with a team of volunteers
all of that work edifies the idea that there is definitely a novel virus that the world should put on the breaks for that that lockdowns might be necessary for and again that that was not anywhere lockdowns were fine in June of 2021 because there was a virus
and now his latest thing is is that Peter Cullis is the guy who lied to him and told him that the that the that the MRNA lipid nanoparticle would stay where it was injected and therefore Robert felt it was okay to take the shot because he had long COVID maybe it would help with that and
he was traveling so he wanted to have a vaccine card which he forgot when he went to Rome with Stephen Hatfield
and there there's a great big liar who who is is enriching himself on sub stack and has a another stage at this Lala Palooza on GAB and another stage of this Lala Palooza on Twitter and another stage of this Lala Palooza on telegram and another stage of this Lala Palooza at the Brownstone Institute
and another stage of this Lala Palooza at the FLCCC and the American Frontline Doctors and all of these groups of people who can never get over the fact that that there is a faith in a novel virus that has no no precedence in biology whatsoever a faith
that millions of people died from it rather than were murdered and a faith that millions more were actually saved from the lockdowns and from the masks and from what good the transfection did these are all ideas that Robert Malone the Pierre Corey that all of these people subscribe to the Brett Weinstein subscribes to and if they don't subscribe to the fact that the transfection
saved anybody they do and did they do have a track record of having said that Robert Malone has a track record of saying that the transfection that he called a vaccine would help people against the original strain but maybe not against new strains like Delta
according to a leaked CDC slide set that he happened to be privileged to at the same time that Paul Cottrell was privileged to it you know Paul Cottrell the fake doctor that George Webb says is a hero
these connections are not all random ladies and gentlemen these connections are evidence that we have been in the car with the same set of clowns for four years and they've been shuffling around seats and arguing about who's telling the truth in front of us
and we think wow we are privy to some kind of you know intellectual development in real time as as as Robert Malone says that you should be suspect of some people in the wellness company or blah blah blah blah this is all like oh wow interesting no it's all bullshit
all you have to do is go through all that list of people and ask them do you still think that there is a novel spreading virus that we can differentiate from a background now even now
do you really think that long COVID is a new thing that needs to be separated from these other things that we talked about in the time of Judy Mikovitz
do you really believe that that retroviruses are a a something that squirts out of cancer and can even cause it
do you really believe that gain of function research where they change the sequence of an RNA molecule can make the difference between a dangerous spill and a non dangerous spill
do you really believe that it's possible for a bachelor's degree holding biologists to order equipment on eBay and to create such a gain of function RNA molecule
because Kevin McCairn Kevin McCurnan apparently John Bodewin Steve Kirsch Pierre Corey Peter McCullough Jim Thorpe
how many other people should we list here Sash a lot to Pova all of these people have never been able to succinctly question any of this statement any of this faith at all they just tiptoe around it they ignore it
they substitute an equivalent here maybe they sprayed pathogens and maybe they've sprayed toxins in a few places says Sash a lot to Pova as long as it's the DOD she's happy with it
she's happy to cite James Giordano as has revealing some of the plan but she can't quite walk it all the way over to saying they just murdered people and lied about it
people have never been able to just walk all the way and say oh they're just murdering people and lying about it
Brian Hooker says that they murder people and lie about it they give they injure they vaccine injure kids and they lie about it that's why CHD had to be formed
they vaccinate kids and kids are injured and they lie about it that's why CHD had to be formed and then CHD went on to fight for health freedom I guess
they did it ladies and gentlemen they did it one of the ways that they did it was they killed people and I believe that one of the ways that they killed people is with the opioid epidemic
they they let it go bananas they encourage doctors to do it and I think a lot of us are unaware of how dangerous it is and so I do think that this little documentary might help me and you kind of put in perspective
what kinds of dangers are spinning in the background right now because that's important to understand since the start of the pandemic there has been a national security operation
ongoing probably before the pandemic but at the declaration of the pandemic and a national security operation was engaged and it hasn't been disengaged
that national security operation doesn't just involve the DoD the DoD is one gear in a giant ugly apparatus that is mostly centered around the executive branch and is definitely from a chain of command perspective stops at the White House
because that is who oversees the Secretary of Health and Human Services and that is the person who can declare a pandemic an emergency of health reasons that allows EUAs to be granted etc
now whether you like it or not it took a lot of other people to be in a place in order for this to go on because again the mandates were not something that the federal government could actually do we needed to state governments and enough state people
to go along with it to talk just as much smack as the people in Australia talked on TV like Cuomo and like a few of these other governors even that old lady from Alabama at some point was drafted into saying something stupid on TV or social media
and in focusing us on one particular cause of death one particular tragedy they also knew from a national security perspective that it was required they needed to have excess deaths and that meant that any knob they could turn
in hospitals any knob they could turn in nursing homes any knob that they could turn on the street with law enforcement any knob that they could turn with regard to paramedic services or to medication distributions or anything like that
any place where that where all cause mortality could be ramped up without anyone actually noticing would have been a list that maybe more than a handful of people would have been involved populating over the several years before the pandemic as part of the preparation
that's the part that a people have not considered they've been doing tabletop exercises for more than 20 years and these tabletop exercises are not just examples they are examples where people talk about the pros and cons of the situation at hand
what they are the hypothetical that they're discussing maybe it would be better if we did it this way and if you watch event 201 you can hear people like
Avril Haynes saying things that sound a lot like well if we tweak this strategy like this we might get a better result and I'm pretty good at that
and again event 201 is a forward facing public brochure of meetings that occur in private that require lanyards that use more sophisticated examples and more sophisticated moving parts
event 201 dark winter all of these things the spars pandemic document these are all public facing brochures of a much more intricate and well thought out plan that includes liars and includes lying about the biology of the of the
crisis at hand
you can see it in the spars pandemic document you can see it in the videos from event 201 you can see it in the dark winter exercises you can see it in any of these things as long as you realize that you're seeing it
and if you're seeing it as by definition a public facing brochure it is not what you would have seen if you had the right lanyard it's not what you would have seen if you were in the right time it's not what you would know
if you were in the right place in the right time Robert Malone has been in the right place at the right time several times in his career I'm sure of it
David Baltimore has been in the right place at the right time in his career I'm sure of it
and so in this national security operation the one thing to understand is that nobody nobody is accurately keeping track of the disaster that is the opioid pandemic and I think opioid epidemic and I don't
I don't know what we should call it it's it's really not an epidemic or a pandemic it's a it's an assault it's a war it's a it's a contamination of our society with substances that should be highly controlled if not all our band
and so they're using words even I'm using their words and it sucks
I think America got here because we are the most medicated country in the world we are a country of fast food quick fixes now now now feel bad here's a pill
hurt here's a pill erectile dysfunction here's a pill all of those things are right there at a doctor's pin but pain is good pain reminds us that we're alive
Jake was addicted to opioids he went to this center as a patient since then he's become the head of the facility in order to save others like himself
everyone here has to learn to live without painkillers this private ranch has 30 places a year but receives 40 requests a day at 21 years old Kyle is in rehab for the first time
what's up brother did you know right I'm good well cool man how you feeling I got you you stay clean you're ready all right man we'll we'll get your mom in here and then we'll get we'll get everything started
all right after you guys
Kyle's been to college and is the father of a little boy but four years ago he became addicted to opioids and then heroin
all right opiates heroin and oxycodone anything else no okay and this is a first treatment time right all right how are you feeling very emotional I got you emotional for everybody she's waiting for her her boy to come back
it's gonna take Kyle about 30 days for you to really begin to see a change says life and death man there's only three ways out of this which is gets over which is what I pray for you the second one is is prison if you're lucky
third one is be buried I don't know how else to say it but I met my end I can't do this anymore I just can't I love them so much but I would rather not see him then put up with this monster that I don't know
do you leave? yeah all right I love you I promise we'll take good care of you
Kyle has 90 days to learn to live without opioids
The thing about it is
my body aches a lot the thing about it is oh wait what's going on why is it so I might need to go back out I might have started in the
middle what the hell happened there yeah I started in the middle I apologize guys we're going all the way back to the beginning and I will speed it
up just a little bit not because anything other than we got to get done before 130 or so no I guess I don't I'll see if this is too fast it's only 125 I apologize I'm
starting over
when the walk time struts do you look at me when the walk time struts I can't see you hear me
I guess I'll start by saying that I think that as a neurobiologist I will humbly submit that there are other people that know more about addiction
circuitry than I do but I do know enough to know that it deserves the utmost respect because a lot of these things are one shot
learning in the animal models that we use with respect to heroin or cocaine rats learn to I mean if if you create the hard core model like the
absolute ridiculous model which is hacanula with saline plus cocaine somewhere in their brain and then you allow them to touch a pedal in
order to get that injection you that animal will will kill itself and there there are lots of examples of of that that that
circuitry is circuitry represented in our own brain obviously our own brain has significantly more neurons and more sub circuits than a mouse brain but from a gross anatomy perspective a lot of the the
sub anatomy of the mouse brain can be seen homologously in the brain of a human represented with many many many more neurons of course with many many more connections and sub specialties and all sort of stuff don't get me wrong
but I often used to start my neurobiology lectures my first ones with a picture of us of like a funny marine horn band and then a huge choir and symphony
and that would be the difference between the mouse brain and the human brain but then I would try to say but you would have to give them all the instruments that are present or most of the instruments that are present
and not all the sections and not all the sub types and this kind of thing the reason why I'm saying that is is because even though addiction in humans may be more complicated because we are at least from a structure function relationship
we appear to be more complicated than a mouse it is it would be very very irresponsible for us to ignore the fact that that circuitry that is very very powerful seems to be present
and you can go to places like Seattle Washington or Philadelphia Pennsylvania and you can find street corners where this is evident where where people just are unable to pull out just like the mouse that's tapping on that needle until it overdoses
and so it's frightening then that we're dealing with pharmaceutical upgrades to these already very dangerous chemical families
and that's what fentanyl and these other mainly fentanyl that's what fentanyl represents is a synthetic opiate in a purity and with a biological activity that's here to pour unseen
and we don't seem to be doing a whole hell of a lot about it and one of the reasons why we might not do a whole hell of a lot about it is because it was a very powerful place where all cause mortality could be turned to eleven
and no one would notice because of the amount of shame and stigma that's involved in an opioid death and an opioid overdose
you know people like Meryl Nast think that when you lose a kid to an opioid overdose the chances are it just means you're a shitty parent
Meryl Nast doesn't think it's worth having Narcan in all of these places to save these people
give you an idea of how these people feel and this is from personal communication with Meryl Nast she sent me an email saying that
and if she wants to make any accusations I'll publish the email so everybody in the world can see it
how much of a cantankerous and callous individual Meryl Nast really is and how much of a central role she likely plays in CHD not being as far as it would have been
maybe even Bobby Kennedy not being as far as he would have been because he considered her his most trusted scientific advisor
a bioweapons expert from the north woods of Maine
who also claims that she and Mary Holland are the two that went to Robert Malone's farm and spent two days and actually vetted him before they decided to have CHD help him out
isn't that weird isn't that funny because Meryl Nast also tells in that same story that Robert Malone didn't know anything about the WEF until Mary and Meryl were at his farm and explained it to him
and now that's a pretty funny story right because that puts a completely different spin on the legendary hero of Robert Malone
turns out he was really into his dress up on horse and horse breeding so much so that he didn't know about the WEF until Mary Holland and Meryl Nast showed up and said
hey you want to write a book for CHD or something like that but Meryl Nast and Mary Holland claimed to be the filter that Robert Malone went through
before he was supported or whatever by CHD and they wrote his book and for a while he was a reader on the Wuhan cover up before I joined
when I joined and complained over and over again that he shouldn't be able to read this book he was eventually removed from the readership
maybe because they knew that they could remove him from the readership and still let him read it anyway they could just pretend to Jay that he was having an effect
I think that's basically what happened
and so we have been played and one of the things we've been played on is this opioid epidemic this opioid crisis nobody wants to talk about it
because it is one of the knobs that has provided the best signal of an increased all cause mortality that will never ever ever and no one will ever pay attention to it
In case you're unaware Mark Koolack's wife was featured in the Boston Globe telling the story of her having lost her son to the opioid crisis trying to call attention to the absolute heartbreak that's occurring all around the United States
and the pandemic has been ramping up since really before the pandemic but the crescendo that started in 2019 and has gone through the current day is absolutely horrifying
and this documentary was released seven days ago so it's not a documentary from 2019 or 2021 or whatever this is a documentary released seven days ago
and possibly into tornadoes
Oklahoma in the heart of America one of the most deeply afflicted states in the opioids addiction crisis
Oklahoma might change the course of history
For the first time in the United States a doctor will be sued by the state for second degree murder for over prescribing opioids
Here's the accused Dr. Regan Nichols a family doctor for over 22 years she is now suspected of being a prescription murderer
The judge has to ascertain if there's enough material to go to trial the plaintiffs in the room have all lost a child a brother a friend from an opioid overdose
Dr. Nichols was their doctor she was the one prescribing the drugs
You don't think that lady would have started a YouTube channel talking about masks and lockdowns and calling call and vaccine hesitant people they should be kept in their homes
You don't think they could find more people likely on a win
You think it was hard
When they planned it
When they had a plan that included a phenomenon called epigirl you don't think that Robert Malone is an epigirl you don't think that they had epigirls in place before the pandemic
Right before the pandemic that had a book in 2018 that started at the head of children's health defense in 2018 maybe that that I don't know
You see how this works
This was a plan
People were put in place before the pandemic so that the narrative could be controlled
That people would for four years no one at the CHD health freedom organization realized that millions of Americans potentially could be murdered by opiates really hundreds of thousands no way it can't be
That doesn't sound like health freedom to me that sounds like a bunch of really bad doctors which is what this is about that lady prescribed pills to people in quantities that were lethal
What is that that's criminal criminally that's criminal negligence what happens if you if you if you transfect people or encourage them to get transfected when you should have known that transfection was inappropriate for healthy humans
You know criminal negligence doesn't your doctor when you go to him or her don't don't they have an obligation to know enough to protect you from something like transfection
And if you say no enough about your immune system to know that any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system that you would inject into muscularly sounds pretty dumb
But they don't know ladies and gentlemen so we have a long ways to go because they also apparently don't know shit about opioids
Why does it have to be the families saying it just like why does it have to be the families that are saying that why did you do this to my my loved one in the hospital during COVID
Why is it the families why isn't another doctors why isn't there a nurse where are these people
One or two for there to be five or ten can't one of them come to the realization that holy shit
Are they really prescribing opioids they're prescribing opioids
We never did this we never did this in the 80s we never did this in the 70s we didn't do this in the 90s doctors didn't do this
This would have been crazy but somehow or another the government and the AMA and all of these you know organizations that purport to be watchdogs and try to keep a
Can't you see it has to be organized it has to be allowed to be happening otherwise it wouldn't be happening
These things aren't out of control they're out of our control they're under their control
My name is Urban Box I'm an attorney in Oklahoma City I practice criminal defense I've got a police officer and I've been a prosecutor and I've been a judge
I've been here all my life I've born and raised in Oklahoma
We're right in the heart of the oil production we're right on the edge of where cabois are and so we've got a lot of people in here that are hard working people
Then it's a pretty peaceful city as far as that goes
Urban box knows these roads inside out and is on first name terms with the local people all his career he's defended this community but today the clients have changed
Before I was having people from more the poverty level now I have people all walks of life I have lawyers I have doctors children who have become addicted to the opiates
Now it's every level in every area of life as far as low income high income all of them are affected by the opiate use
He represents several families from this town everyone has lost a relative deceased of a cardiac arrest following a painkiller overdose drugs prescribed by Dr. Nichols
I agree with the chat I think doctor's offices feel like one of these places where it's like the same experiment every day they all come in and agree to agree
And we're good right oh yeah we're so good oh yeah fist bump all right we're so awesome cool see you tomorrow and it just goes like that actually that's exactly how academic biology works as well because
If you have tenure and she's got tenure and they've got tenure and you all got this cush job then if we all agree that we're good
Then essentially we can protect each other now right we'll let new people into the faculty if they're also good
We'll decide who's good and once they're good then we all agree that we're all good and we won't question what you do and we'll support what you do and even if you work on something that I think is probably just silly
As long as you agree that I'm good I'll agree that you're good okay all right cool
That's how academic biology has been destroyed basically
All the old grumpy skeptical biologists are dying out and we're going to be left with an academy that's filled with people that aren't capable of questioning because they can't see the sacred biology they've never been taught to see it
They've never been taught by people who can't see it or actually enchanted by people who can see it but didn't want them to which is the most malevolent part about this
I think that's where we're at that there are people who have enchanted other people into not being able to see the sacred biology that's why I find it so frustrating how easy it for me to see it
And why it's so frustrating to me that I realized that I could have seen it ten years ago
I could have been saying that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb when I was in Dr. Whitney's immunology class at DePaul University overpaying at a liberal arts school in Chicago because I didn't want to go to the University of Wisconsin
Everybody else from my high school went
I could have known right then they could have already sunk in but I didn't have the experience I didn't have the data set I didn't have the question wasn't in my head
So you're not going to come to the answer
But there are immunologists out there that have been thinking about it longer there are vaccinologists quote unquote that have been thinking about it longer and they have to know
Here at Bund and Bosch has to know Robert Malone has to know Bill Gates definitely knows because it's easy biology it's not hard biology that's why he's so competent when he talks about it because it is easy biology
Because it's a lie
But it's the best they've got it's all they can know how to do it's all that they can do to tweak to try and mess around to try and pretend that they've got a grip
In the end the only thing that they can do with this is just depopulate that's maybe that's all they can do and they want us to believe that there's more possibility here than there is when there really isn't I don't know anymore
But I'm very very pessimistic about the brains at the driver's seat I'm very very pessimistic about the people that put this plan in place
I don't see Robert Malone as a having a 30-year track record of being a genius
I don't see Judy Mikovitz as having a track record of being a 30-year genius I don't see Bob Gallo as a genius I don't see David Baltimore as a genius I don't see Vincent Rack and Yellow as a genius
I don't see any of these people as being very bright stars at all I see these people as glorified book readers I can tell what books they've read
But I can't tell what ideas are theirs because none of them are their idea
They haven't contributed anything to the jazz show that they purport to be a part of that they purport to be an integral part of they haven't contributed anything to it at all
They have actually just played the song as written on the sheet music and that includes somebody like Kevin McCurnan
Kevin McCurnan hasn't come out to write a sub stack to tell you about what the shortcomings are about the human genome project and how although they said they completed it what was complete really mean is just a bunch of restriction enzyme maps
He doesn't tell you that and how those restriction enzyme maps by themselves were then allowed to create this reiterative hamster wheel where people were trying to correlate genes with some kind of medical condition
He's not going to ever explain that to you because his whole professional aura is based around sustaining the illusion of fidelity of the human genome project and of restriction enzyme mapping and of all these genetic markers that are associated with genes
People in the same scam off now in plants where I venture to guess the genome is at least as complicated if not more complicated
It's all in elaborate hoax ladies and gentlemen and it's all being perpetrated on us by people who are essentially criminally liable now or something they're doing something that has to put them in a place where they're
they're culpable for all the injuries that have happened for all the damage that was done for the murders that were allowed to happen happened by accident the manslaughter whatever you want to call it they're all culpable
So what I did in 2020 and 2021 to put mud in the water and make it harder for people to exercise informed consent I am also culpable
This Oklahoma City lawyer has never seen a case like this a new victim wants to press charges
Good to see you, good to see you, have a seat. Annette Marshall has been raising her two children alone since her husband died of a painkiller overdose. My math shows that's 99 per day that she would have prescribed me. I know he passed away in like my second
2012 2012, yeah. Thanks. He was a fireman. She works as an education counselor, a regular family. 99 per day.
Now part of me can hear Meryl Nast screaming in the background, well how stupid do you have to be to take a prescription for 99 opiate pills? If you overdose, you're just dumb
It would be his fault, right? Because people who get addicted are dumb. That's the basic attitude that you can take into a certain extent. I guess okay, you know, you should know better than to try fentanyl. You should know better than to try heroin.
But if your doctor says try OxyContin first, yeah.
Remember, these are the same doctors that we're supposed to listen to when they say you need a vaccine.
So when the doctor says, well, I got this pill, it'll help your pain and it helps your pain. How are these people supposed to exercise informed consent in that scenario? It's definitely the doctor who is criminally negligent.
And I'm suggesting quite frankly that transformation and transfection is something that any of these MDs should have pulled their head out of their ass and known was irresponsible to subject adults to that they were that were in their care they're all guilty.
They're all criminally negligent.
They don't need to have a fine or whatever but they all need to get a letter from the Department of Justice that says it has been determined that you should have known that
the transfection and transformation has rolled out by the CDC and the FDA and the administration at the time was bullshit and you as a doctor should have spoke up.
You as an academic biologist at a, at a top 100 medical school in the United States should have spoken up. And here is a notice for you that going forward you made a giant mistake and contributed to a huge speed bump in the history of America that may actually lead to the
collapse of the Republic.
So thanks a lot, Jackass.
That's the, that's the letter that I hope will come from the White House in the next administration. Wouldn't that be great?
We're putting you all on notice. Everyone of you dip shits at a pharmacy.
Every one of you that was putting these needles into people are even better putting on cheerleading shit to do it or encouraging teenagers to encourage other teenagers to do it.
You got to put them on notice.
You were lied to what you did was wrong.
And you probably should have known better but we're going to give you the benefit of the doubt that a lot of people lied to you and that's why you did it.
That's the, that's the brief that should be circulated around the United States.
If justice is to occur and it's just like this.
Every one of these doctors, if this is true and that doctor subscribed 100 pills per day.
Even 100 pills in my estimation of some strong opiate would be like, Oh yeah, here, you need some heroin. Here, take this bottle.
It's all ready to go.
Oh, you need a little botulinium toxin for your for your experiment. Here's a bottle of it. Is that enough?
I can't believe I just heard that.
Math shows that's 99 per day that she would have prescribed him.
I know he passed away in my second.
2012 2012, yeah.
He was a fireman. She works as an education counselor, a regular family.
All it took was back surgery to turn everything over.
In a few months, her husband became a dick.
Why was law and order playing behind him on a TV? Like, is that?
To the painkillers prescribed by Dr. Nichols.
Of course, once you have back surgery, it's never quite the same.
And then they did some other treatments and he had some other issues with just injuries from having such a physical job.
And I think it just snowballed.
He persisted with the pain, but instead of trying to ween him off, though, she does dose after dose after dose after dose.
And really became his drug dealer.
And more drugs than regular drug dealers off the street would prescribe it.
She's doing it in the name of medicine.
What's so incredible about this is that opioids of this nature are enjoyable for people who don't have pain.
I don't get it. I don't get it at all.
Why are we even talking about these things like they're painkillers.
They're not painkillers.
They're endorphin releases. They're endorphin stimulators.
That's how they kill pain.
They make you feel good.
Why don't they talk about that?
Some of them are so strong, like Oxycontin, that they release so much endorphins or they stimulate so many of these receptors in your brain that you can get sick.
Because you, as a natural adult, don't release that many endorphins unless you have sex or something.
Or, you know, win a win an NCAA championship that you've been working for for your whole life.
You don't, but, but we're still not telling the truth.
That's the shocking part about the discussion of opioids as painkillers.
They are not painkillers. They are highly addictive.
Pharmaceutical grade purity drugs that stimulate particular circuits in our brains.
And those circuits are not pain circuits, ladies and gentlemen.
They're not blocking pain receptors.
They don't block pain receptors, you see?
It's just, it's their language. We use their language, and therefore we get trapped in their hamster wheels, thinking that we're running to the finish line when we're not.
According to her, Dr. Nichols would swiftly see patients without any physical exam. A few dollars for prescription.
Her husband would have been prescribed 100 pills a day, 3000 a month.
The doctors should have been the responsible person. They're trained, and that's what their job is, is to make sure they're treating you in a healthy manner, and they're doing what's best for you and not what's going to bring harm to you.
It happens to just your next-door neighbor, to your Oklahoma City firefighter, to your Oklahoma City police officer, to your school teacher, to your, you know, it's, it's not a, it's not a disease that is specific.
It can hit anybody.
So we really need to figure out where this bad idea started and who started it, because there is a whole generation of doctors from my, my age that, that grew up at a time when they, they knew that this was just taboo.
Where there weren't very many opiates except for morphine and morphine was highly controlled or valiant was highly confused.
Let's see what I mean.
The stigma, the professional understanding, the professional sort of unspoken rules, and the, the public facing message was all that these were very dangerous things that were only had a very specific purposes and very extreme circumstances that needed to be respected.
Suddenly now they're just painkillers of a different variety. They're painkillers with a different color. They're painkillers with a different duration.
And these doctors were not sophisticated enough in their biological understanding in order to know that this was a bait and switch. Are they that stupid?
Apparently there's a lot of criminal negligence in the medical community nowadays.
Which would lead you to believe that they would be very vulnerable to being misled about a dangerous novel spreading pathogen that could be treated by novel treatments like Ivermectin.
And they wouldn't do the requisite research to wonder, well, is that true or not?
Or should I just believe the MD on, on Twitter that says it has anti-inflammatory properties and can cure cancer?
When you realize that most MDs were not equipped enough to object to the vaccine schedule, then you realize that most MDs were not equipped to object to transfection, transformation, or the opioid epidemic, the opioid crisis.
This is all evidence of the same lack of sophistication. And so what we all need to do is reorient how we think about MDs in at least America, probably elsewhere, but at least America, we need to think very differently about them.
And think that people that understand the dangers of the vaccine schedule and can accurately convey that to their to their patients are a very, very rare exception to a rule wherein MDs don't know shit about diddly.
It's very terrifying, ladies and gentlemen, but I'm afraid that is the state of things.
You know, what do they call the last in the class of doctors, they call them doctor is not such a funny joke anymore because it seems like that's what we're dealing with here.
People that for comfort and fame and fortune will essentially murder other people because they're told to, because they follow orders or because they are simply so unsophisticated in there, faking it until they make it that they've gotten all the way to having an MD.
Without ever being fascinated by the sacred biology of the human being without even knowing where the irreducible complexity begins or ends.
They purport to consider themselves experts in human physiology and human health.
It's really, really sad because I have one of these doctors.
I have one of these doctors who I tried to communicate with during the first year of the pandemic and wouldn't hear it.
Unfortunately, some of the communicating that I was doing was about a lab leak and about how that mattered and that they were lying about it and that made it harder for the biological truths that I had already been able to codify and succinctly expressed to be lost in that cloud of, of what was still the mythology.
And so that's how much work we have to do. That's all. We have the opioid crisis to expose.
We have the, the, the vaccine schedule to expose.
We have the toxic food supply in America to expose.
We have the, the toxic environment in America that we have to expose.
And we have the public health apparatus lie that we have to expose in America. And then behind all of that is this banking system that may be.
Dangerously oversimplified if we were to just say fractional reserve banking is a problem.
And so I want to be sure that I'm humble enough here to admit that, you know, I don't know enough about economics and money and, and banking to know.
What the right answer is, but I do think that everybody becoming aware of what fractional reserve banking is and where it is and where it isn't in play.
Is at least a vital first step that has to occur before the nefarious portions of that system can be exposed for what they are and maybe even dismantled and put out of play.
Because until those, those weaponized piles of money that are, that are keeping these people on the air that are keeping the programmed elevation of them intact unless these weaponized piles of money are put in jeopardy.
Then essentially we don't have much of a chance of overcoming them. We're going to have to build something alongside of them.
We're going to have to build our network of free thinking, you know, biologists, we're going to have to build that network outside of this giant behemoth that is going to be powered into the future by these weaponized piles of money.
We're going to have to build our own.
And, and maybe these, these, these people can be a part of it because they are victims too.
The reason why everybody ignores the opioid crisis is because it plays so nicely into the pandemic health narrative that at the top at this time is still wholly focused on respiratory disease called COVID and other things.
How come opioids invaded America? Pain has become a market and the idea of not suffering even lightly is a given.
In drug stores that look like fast foods, anyone can shop for painkillers. Physical or psychological, a painkiller exists for almost any reason.
I mean, it's really hard to underestimate how much damage acetaminophen is done to our, our, I mean, I don't think that that's a good product.
And yet people still use Tylenol all the time and doctors tell people to take Tylenol after their shots. I mean, it's incredibly bad substance.
It's crazy.
Imagine facing the day with less chronic osteoarthritis pain. Imagine living your life with less chronic low back pain.
While almost no one uses aspirin anymore, like it's crazy.
Imagine you with less pain that can help. Amongst the painkillers on prescription are the opioids, usually prescribed for backaches or headaches.
Two million Americans are addicted to these pills. For a reason that most ignore, they're opium based.
Yeah, I was, I wasn't sure when I was going to say that, but honks to Fari and really has the point that, that I've learned through having back pain being my own weak ass.
I don't have, I know, I don't have a six pack of abs and my wife always says, if you just do sit ups, your back pain will go away.
And so I do some, some abdominal exercises, but gosh, if there's a worse exercise than sit ups, I don't know what it is. So I hate them.
But anyway, my point is, is that I understand that pain relief doesn't necessarily mean that your back is getting any better.
And in fact, I would agree wholeheartedly that pain allows you to avoid the inflammation, right, to protect it.
It can also injure other things while you try to protect it, et cetera, et cetera.
But the pain is there for a reason and numbing it could actually put you into a cycle of never ending pain because the healing never occurs.
And instead, these extreme opioids allow you to work despite the local pain, not feel the local pain and actually feel good despite the pain.
And so you can do more damage, long-term damage to your, to your discs, to your, all the little muscles that surround your spine, all of these things that are highly innervated and the source of these excruciating sources of back pain,
which, you know, I've only had a very, I'm sure in the grand scheme of things, a very tiny taste of it.
But when I have my lower back is upset, my little daughter could, could really injure me by just pushing me around the wrong way.
It's amazing how debilitating that is.
And so if you're a physical working person or you're a person with a lot more stature and mass than me, then an injured back can be an incredibly debilitating thing.
And then for doctors to willy-nilly move into, you know, just medicating, medicating, medicating, making profit from medicating, medicating, and not understanding that this is malpractice, these people need to be punished.
Jason Beaman and I am the chair of psychiatry at Oklahoma State University Center for Health Sciences.
Our oath is essentially first do no harm.
And I think that that's one of the biggest problems is that doctors don't realize that by prescribing opioids, that they could doing more harm than good.
Doctors don't realize is not an excuse.
It's criminal negligence.
It's malpractice.
It's a professional failure on a profound level.
It's not like you set the table wrong or you're an English person and you mistakenly got in on the passenger side thinking that that was where you were going to find the steering wheel.
This is profiting from.
This is using their authority.
They have an authority here.
People trust them.
And so if you are professional trusted with professional responsibilities and you abdicate those responsibilities either by ignorance or by looking the other way, then you are criminally negligent.
And I believe you should be, you should be held responsible.
And I think there are probably tens of thousands of doctors around the United States that essentially could be held responsible for ruining lots of people's lives.
Because remember, if you prescribe somebody a hundred pills a day and they have a thousand pills in their house and they finally get sick of it and they decide to throw them out, those are pretty valuable.
If you find a doctor that will prescribe you like that, you can make a lot of money off of those things.
And now you have these pills on the street.
Now you understand why it's really weird that this many pills would even be made.
Don't you see?
If somebody told you that this T right here is opioid T and it can ruin a person's life.
But it's also useful in certain situations if they have extreme back pain like after a car accident or if they have extreme pain from having multiple ribs broken, then for a while we can use this special T.
But because it can ruin people's lives, we shouldn't make very much of that T and we shouldn't distribute very much of that T.
But instead in America, we've just decided to make an absolute mega shit ton of these pills and distribute them everywhere under a number of different names and make sure that all of these places are well stocked.
Why would we do that?
If what that guy just said is true, then well we know, although doctors may be unaware of the fact that prescribing opioid pills can hurt people.
Please ladies and gentlemen, do you honestly believe that these people don't know that?
Would you go to a doctor that didn't know that?
Holy shit, if I found out that my doctor didn't know that opioids would hurt people
and everyone that took them basically, especially pharmaceutical grade ones and took them repeatedly, that would they would be dangerous to the vast majority of people.
I don't think I would go to that doctor anymore, which also makes me wonder why the hell are we still going to them when he doesn't really see that the that.
Transfection is crazy.
We don't really go to them anymore.
We haven't been to them in four years.
We don't have a doctor right now.
That's the reality of the chaos that they have tried to seed with this operation and why the opioid pandemic is such an opioid crisis is such an integral part of it.
Because it was one of the knobs that they could turn and they knew no one would bitch.
It was one of the knobs they would turn and they knew that they could they could tamp it down with shame.
They could say the numbers were lower and people would still probably be okay with it except for people who actually lost people.
Who's going to get mad if if Robert F Kennedy Jr. says the number finally but he says it it's a little low who's going to get mad.
At least he said it right.
And so even if ladies and gentlemen, the bottom line is is that you have to see it for what it is.
If the food supply is toxic if the water supply is toxic if the air is polluted.
If our children don't have good food at school and our vaccine schedule has 30 more shots on it than any other countries in the world.
And we have an opioid crisis on our streets that no one no other country has and it's being fueled by a pharmaceutical grade product.
How are people still wandering around thinking that America is just running normal and the clock is ticking and and and the music is playing and everything is pretty much okay.
We are under attack ladies and gentlemen our system is being dismantled the last bit of value is being stolen from us as American citizens under the pretense of.
I don't know what a conversion from national sovereignty to global rule.
And from citizen based sovereignty and individual sovereignty to permissions.
We're getting the chaos necessary is going to require things as malevolent as the opioid crisis where doctors are encouraged to do it that it's leaked out on the street.
Just like crack cocaine was used in the 90s against the inner city blacks by the CIA.
Which is what Mike Rupert spoke out about in the 90s along with peak oil, but everybody seems to forget that we did that to inner city blacks in LA and in Chicago and New York that the CIA actually brought in the drugs.
And then put it on the streets.
It's Mike Rupert's story. There's lots of stories about it.
Air America is about that. They made a movie about it with Mel Gibson. Are you shitting me?
You college kids need to pull your head out and realize that these old people haven't told you a useful history of America.
If they told you a useful history of America, they would have had to reveal that they've been lying to you.
And this mythology is being used to get you to protest on campuses.
This mythology is getting you to be motivated to to discount certain adult opinions around you.
And to accept the narrative of a pandemic that was out of control, a narrative that the earth might burn down in the next six years that will motivate you to what turn against your parents.
Turn against the adults in your family and turn to the university. Turn to your sorority. Turn to your fraternity. Turn to your employer to your university hierarchy that you're trying to climb.
It's all an orchestrated crescendo of chaos.
And we've seen that in a lot, a lot of cases. What were they originally prescribed for?
Well, historically the use has been for what we call cancer pain. That cancer does a lot of horrible things to your body and can cause a lot of pain.
Nowadays, it's used for a lot of different things.
These pills are called hydrocodone, percocet, oxycontin, or fentanyl.
All the drugs that are legally sold on the market share the same component, a powerful narcotic, heroin.
And sometimes they are a thousand times more opium concentrated.
The opioid compound comes from a plant called the opium poppy.
And these plants are really grown mostly in Asia. And then they're imported by drug companies into the United States.
But what we do with the pills is we take the good parts of the flowers.
Wait, what?
We import from Afghanistan? No way. Is that so? Is that what Afghanistan's all about?
Pharmaceutical products? No, it can't be.
I thought that was because we had to get rid of Saddam Hussein.
Huh. Isn't that strange? You learn something every day.
That you would smoke and we'd concentrate them in a little pill.
And so the pills are much more potent than smoking ever was.
But in the United States, we outlawed the smoking of opium in the early 1900s.
If you get a three-day prescription, there is a 13% chance that you'll be taking those opioids a year later.
So why this is the one doctor, I guess, that's I'm sure he's not the only doctor who's fighting for this truth to get out.
But it's an extremely inconvenient truth, isn't it?
China's population was basically ruined by the opioid trade for a while.
They know what's up. They're not stupid. Maybe they're even getting revenge on us.
Maybe they're being allowed to get revenge on us.
Maybe we're just being governed by a bunch of liars.
Semi-incompetent rich beyond their wildest dreams liars who have no business ruling us other than they inherited what they inherited.
They inherited the position that they're in.
They feel some obligation to preserve that.
And so the collective that's there is just preserving what they have.
But they're not highly competent.
They're not all super geniuses.
And that's why I have very high hopes that we are about to break the dam.
That this coordinated symphony of liars is about to be exposed for who they are and the kinds of of lies that they've told over the decades.
And maybe some of them can even see justice. Maybe some of them will actually, you know, be booed.
Because they deserve to be booed.
I believe anybody who has made their lives as a professional liar as part of the national security apparatus that has governed the United States for the last 20 years should be ashamed of themselves.
And it's part of the problem that needs to be excised from America.
And I don't care what their justification was, including the fact that, oh, well, this is just the way things work.
No, it's the way that things work because you and those people around you chose to allow them to work that way.
You see, people with principles that get to positions of power enact those principles.
And so they've been looking for people without principles for decades, finding them and putting them in positions of power.
And I think a lot of the people that are in front of us right now that are posing as the various dissident fractions, the dissident Lala Palooza that I'm calling out as fake, all of these people were put in position in order to be where they are and say what they're doing.
And that's why they are also succeeding and elevating their message and why they get the podcast invitations and why they get on Tucker Carlson and why they get publicly censored off of Twitter, but then get to go to GAB and telegram and all these other things.
Because they were put there on purpose and the list is long.
It's not just for profit. It's about how they are governing us and about being able to steer us through a very chaotic time where at the other side of that very chaotic time, what it means to be a sovereign nation, the United States of America will have changed.
Our definition of what it means to be an American will have changed our feeling and identity as Americans will have changed.
And that's what they are actively doing us with us right now by undermining what we understand as our democracy and what we understand as our checks and balances.
And believe it or not, I think that even a microcosm of that is the dissolution of the NBA.
You can force the rules on TV anywhere, including in the NBA. That's why everybody can travel now.
Because then you can have an irrelevant discussion about whether any of these NBA players are any good compared to the old guys like Michael Jordan.
Or John Stockton or any of these other people that used to be all stars and they could all be dismissed.
Well, yeah, but they wouldn't stand a chance in this league. Are you kidding me?
If you let Michael Jordan travel, you don't think he would do better.
If you gave Michael Jordan two steps plus a hop, you don't think he would do better.
You don't think that if you gave virology, the open freedom to declare any part of molecular biology there so that they wouldn't take over that story, that they wouldn't expand anywhere that they could.
If you encourage the biosecurity state to exist within that mythology, you don't think that it could blow up into a multi billion dollar industry that conflated a background signal of what could be very beneficial biology into a signal called virology.
You don't think those same people would flood the streets with pharmaceutical grade opiates in order to make sure that that illusion was hard to break.
Now what frustrates me the most is that Andy Kaufman and Tom Cowan and Sam Bailey and Mark Bailey and Christine Massey are so unsophisticated in their ability to try and score a touchdown that they're unable to compile a list of other ways that they killed people in order to hide the illusion of virology.
Instead, they want you to focus on the methodologies of virology and fight about the details of the methodologies of virology instead of just coming to the realization that that is complemented by a much bigger elephant in the room and that is murder.
And you can see them for the meddling liars that they have to be or their handlers have to be if you see that they could have done that in 2020 when the murders were happening the most.
And in 2021, when the murders were still happening, when the high flow nasal oxygen was still being used to get people to show symptoms that needed ventilation.
And PCR testing was still being used to classify as people and then financial incentives were still in place to incentivize their selection.
And for those years 2020 and 2021 Tom Cowan, Andy Kaufman, all of these people that were adamant, and including Kevin McCann, that was adamant that we shouldn't listen to those people, none of them could realize none of them could come to the realization.
They're just killing people and lying to us about it.
And who is the first person that said that in the presence of Kevin McCann, that would be me.
And for the next year and a half, I had so many people.
They wanted to help me figure it out.
So many people sending me males, inviting me to signal.
Private zooms.
Twitter groups.
Why?
Because I knew it.
I figured it out already in May of 2020.
And then 40 people descended on my life to make it sure that I was confused enough not to say it again, or say it consistently for another two or three years.
And so I am a little bit of a victim, but I'm a victim of a very coordinated effort.
Where a group of people on a few teams have pretended to be opposite opposing and working with me against them and blah, they were all part of the same crew or crews.
All part of the same of the national, same national security operation that unfortunately is also involved in obfuscating the role that the opioid crisis has in increasing all cause mortality.
Making sure that you don't care about any of these people, that you don't care about any of this malpractice, that it doesn't ever reveal to you the vulnerabilities that are present in our medical system because doctors are not the geniuses we think they are.
They are just yes men and yes women.
They just do what the protocol says, that's why they still, a none of them with a significant fraction.
None of them have woken up about the criminal vaccine schedule by simply comparing it to Norway's or comparing it to the Netherlands or comparing it to Sweden.
So whether it's a few prescriptions or a few pills, it's a very small amount that it takes to get addictive.
And to the left, a lethal dosage of heroin. To the right, it's equivalent on two opium samples.
How much more do we need to know than this?
How much more do you need to know than this right here?
What happens if there's some carfentanyl in Pittsburgh?
People die.
So why would we freaking make it?
Why is it made?
How much fentanyl powder is made?
If C4 is an explosive and we need a little bit, but then we find out that the government has made several kilotons of it and has it in a warehouse in Virginia, what should we really think about what the government's about to do, what the government's intentions are?
If carfentanyl is so effective and so dangerous, had such small quantities, then how can the government or any pharmaceutical company justify making so much of it?
Putting it out there.
How can we allow it?
How can we overlook the fact that this exists?
Where we're supposed to believe that the movie Paul fiction is about heroin and heroin's really, really strong.
Excuse me.
Dry throat.
It's a really strong drug heroin is a really strong drug.
Really strong drug.
But don't worry about fentanyl, carfentanyl, that's fine.
We can just make shit tons of that.
That's no problem.
How much are you making of fentanyl and carfentanyl in your facility over there?
How much are you making in your facility?
Do we even care?
This picture is all it is for me.
This picture is all I needed to see right here.
This answers the question to me.
These people are criminally negligent, criminally incompetent, or they're actually guilty of trying to poison people because he shouldn't make a lot of poison.
You just shouldn't.
Especially when you only know you need a very little bit.
If you're being responsible with it, you probably don't need to make more than, I don't know, x amount and that would be enough for the whole year.
And they could figure that out.
But instead, how many years of this stuff have they made?
How many years of demand already exist?
How many years of demand are being produced right now as we speak?
And when that question, if it can be answered, is answered and that number is way, way orders of magnitude more than we could ever use, what answer should come to your mind then?
What's really happening here?
Today you will know you did something for your pain.
Talk to your doctor.
To be able to not feel pain has become a tacit agreement between doctor and patient, but at what price?
These drugs are ticking bombs.
Who's aware of that fact?
Did Dr. Nichols know?
Oh wow, so Mark says that the fentanyl was made in the 60s as the end of the life drug for hospice.
It's used in executions in Oklahoma.
Holy shit.
I don't know what to say.
A wrongful death lawsuit is filed today against a Midway City doctor.
Reagan Nichols is already accused of prescribing a massive amount of opioids.
I mean, is it surprising though that we're here right now that what the basic gist of it is is that we're going to have to wake Americans up that they're doing stupid shit.
Some of it is criminal.
All Americans need to wake up to the fact that it's rampant all around that there's a mythology out there.
And that mythology is as created a bunch of incompetence and extremely dangerous professionals.
They are being misled by a illusion of consensus above them.
And some are all of that illusion of consensus is being regularly maintained by a national security priority where people sign on to the classified truth.
They sign on to what the real truth is and they agree not to tell it.
They agree to reinforce what's going on in the street, what you see right here and agree that it's the bad doctors that are doing it.
It possibly be the multinational corporation that makes that pure substance in the background they just showed.
They're not responsible for making the quantity any more than somebody would be responsible for making a large quantity of the spike protein.
So like Anovio did that could have easily been dumped in sewers all around the world and misconstrued as spread using highly high fidelity high fidelity PCR testing because the sequence would have really been there.
I just don't understand how we're still not really getting it right.
This documentary is trying but it still seems to be blaming the doctor who I think is definitely culpable but that opioid in that quantity should have never been available.
It should have just never been available to them.
Not for prescription. There should have been a red flag that went off like what the hell is wrong with you?
Think about it this way ladies and gentlemen, think about it this way for just one second.
If a gun store sold 100 guns to somebody or prescribed 100 guns to somebody, would that make any sense?
Even if they regularly being home invaded or if they had an abusive husband that wouldn't respect their restraining order, would it be smart to give them 100 guns when they have kids at home?
It's smart to give somebody with a family, 100 pills of opioids to have in their medicine cabinet to trust that they would take care of and that nobody would get hurt by.
Do you see what's wrong here? They're not painkillers.
Just like that doctor said from from Oklahoma.
Doctors don't seem to understand that if you prescribe opiates to people you can hurt them.
Well then they're not qualified doctors.
That's the reality. That's not a valid answer.
It's to five patients who later died.
But then when I heard that there was four other deaths, then I said the thing, uh-oh.
Good evening. A midwest city doctor behind bars tonight.
Three million drugs.
Dr. Rachael Nichols.
I was very happy she got arrested and I was watching on TV. I was very happy for that to happen.
But on the other part, it was sad because this is supposed to be a doctor.
How many did she harm? I didn't know. And then you turned mad.
I'm mad. I'm mad because she took my daughter.
I'm mad that she took my daughter away. So I'm mad now.
But that what Pamela says in the chat is just another piece of evidence that it's being allowed to happen because the DEA supposedly has resources to follow this stuff to know what's going on and to have red flags like this.
And yet, for whatever reason, we don't even talk about the DEA anymore. What do they do?
When we were growing, when I was growing up, the DEA was like the bad guys, or the bad cops, the tough cops that they showed on TV.
You didn't want the DEA to show up at your house.
Lisa and Eddie have spent their entire life in this house.
This is where their daughter Chelsea was born 21 years ago.
I agree, Jason. I agree 100%.
2013.
Their story is one of an analgesic burden family hiding in the secret and shame of addiction.
She's had four back surgeries.
Dr. Nichols was Lisa's doctor for seven years.
She was the first to...
I mean, what do we know in the chat about back surgeries?
I'm starting to already get the feeling that I bet back surgeries a scam.
I bet they... I don't know.
I don't know. I'd have to talk to a back surgeon to know.
But I guess when you have such an overweight person, the spine is not designed to walk upright to begin with.
Never mind upright and support the kind of weight that she's carrying or the kind of weight that he's carrying.
And so...
You should take everything that I say with a great assault, including what I just said, which is maybe back surgery as a scam.
That's probably a very willy-nilly statement to make.
I don't want to turn any doctors away by making a statement so silly.
But...
I do want to...
At least put out there the idea that surgery is often something offered in place of seeking well-being in other ways.
And so if back surgery has essentially enabled this person not to take seriously her condition of being overweight,
to not take seriously what she eats and how she exercises,
then is back surgery really the best thing for her?
Even if it alleviates some pain, which apparently it doesn't, I guess that's what I mean by his back surgery a scam.
I'm sure there are probably back surgeons that actually fix it.
I just wonder if surgery is one of those things that can be often too quickly applied because it's a solution on the list.
And the list is what they use.
When I first started seeing her, I thought she was going to be okay and she was giving me pain medicine to help my back.
But as the years go by, of course, your body gets used to that medicine.
So then it doesn't work.
You know, you used to take one pain pill and now you're having to take two or three pain pills because the pain is so bad.
That actually happens because your body up-regulates those receptors and makes it...
It's like adjusts its window of listening, right?
In other words, if...
I try to come up with an example, but I guess it's not very hard.
I mean, if you were to take something like our processed sugar sweets into the jungle and give a small piece of candy
to someone who's never had pure processed sugar candy before and only knows honey,
then you will see the kind of behavior that we're talking about.
And we can't really understand actually the extent to which all of us, and I mean all of us in America,
are absolutely already addicted to sugar.
All of us are because even if we are now conscious of what we eat at one point in time,
we were addicted to sugar because it was in everything we ate.
I mean, I'm sure there are exceptions to that rule, but I'm not.
I'm not an exception to that rule.
I grew up eating fast food and, you know, thinking that was normal to do every once in a while and not whatever,
because I exercised and my mom cooked dinner every night.
So even if I had a couple bad meals, the vast majority of my meals were home prepared in my high school
and grade school had beautiful hot lunch.
So it's just a completely different world that we live in now,
where my kids tell me stories that there are children who don't eat lunch at their school because they just buy a chips and ice cream
when the snack bar opens and that's all they eat.
So we have an entire generation of kids that's not only over medicated and over vaccinated,
but has been malnourished in a way that we cannot underestimate because the difference is huge.
That's the reason why the deterioration of adults like I see on the screen here is also hurting us
because the examples of people who grew up at a time when people told you your body was a temple and you should take care of it
and then actually followed that.
There are very few examples of that now.
And because social media tells you they got to accept everybody the way they are and that
gigantically fat people are just normal. They're just different.
We are in a very, very, very difficult situation right now because there are so many lies to unravel.
So many lies to unravel.
It's increased and it's just a vicious cycle because you know you got to have the medicine,
but you don't want to have to take that much medicine.
But you can't. I couldn't work and do my job if I didn't have the medicine.
Lisa hid her own addiction.
What she didn't know is that her daughter was doing the same thing.
For three years, Chelsea had diabetes which causes muscular pains.
It was her turn to consult with Dr. Nichols.
I asked her about-
They give pain killers for diabetic pain?
Holy shit, I did not know that.
That again is just criminal.
I'm sorry, but that's just criminal. That's not a doctor.
That is disgusting.
I am absolutely appalled that I just heard that.
For three years, Chelsea had diabetes which causes muscular pains.
It was her turn to consult with Dr. Nichols.
I asked her about the quantity of medicine she was giving her and her response to me was-
Chelsea was an adult that she couldn't talk to me about Chelsea's medical,
but she could talk to me about Chelsea's diabetes, but she wouldn't talk to me about the medication that she was giving her.
I did trust her. I trusted her with my daughter and that I feel extremely responsible because Chelsea would have never seen her.
Her daughter's dead. Holy shit.
You see?
I met this doctor, you know, more than once, several times at the hospital when Chelsea was in the hospital.
I thought she seemed very caring.
You know, I mean, that's what I would have thought by listening to her.
You know, I ask her questions and you just don't know.
Maybe money to feed her to it.
Maybe it's the love of money. Maybe get that to her.
Because I know that when she chose to be a doctor, I would bet on it that she chose to want to help people.
We met Dr. Nichols almost a year ago. I think she has a very good heart. She wants to help people.
Maybe a little awkward, but she's got a really sweet heart.
My name is Tommy Adler. I'm a criminal defense attorney here at Oklahoma City.
We represent Dr. Reagan Nichols, but I really like her very much.
Doctors lose patients all the time to accuse a doctor of acting in reckless depression.
Of acting in reckless disregard for her patients when we believe that she was genuinely attempting to care for them
is a big step for the government. That exposes doctors to a lot of risk.
These were troubled people. These patients were abusing the things that they had access to.
It wasn't the amounts that Dr. Nichols prescribed these people that killed them.
It was the amounts that they decided to take.
Her line of defense is set to shift away the shadow of responsibilities.
Dr. Nichols was an irreproachable professional who was duped by drug addicts.
And she never had any awareness that her patients were facing any danger whatsoever.
Nowadays in Oklahoma City, addiction can be seen at every corner.
I don't even know why.
I don't even know what to say.
I think America got here because we are the most medicated country in the world.
We are a country of fast food, quick fixes, now, now, now.
Feel bad? Here's a pill. Hurt? Here's a pill.
Directile dysfunction? Here's a pill. All of those things are right there at a doctor's pin.
But pain is good. Pain reminds us that we're alive.
Jay Quiz addicted to opioids. He went to the center as a patient.
Since then, he's become the head of the facility in order to save others like himself.
Everyone here has to learn to live without painkillers.
This private ranch has 30 places a year, but receives 40 requests a day.
At 21 years old, Kyle is in rehab for the first time.
What's up, brother? You doing all right?
Are you? I'm good. Well, cool, man. How are you feeling?
Uh, better. I got you.
So, all right. You stay clean?
Yeah. All right, cool. Take a good test.
You ready? Yeah. All right, man.
We'll, uh, we'll get your mom in here and then we'll get, uh, we'll get everything started.
Must be terrifying. It must be terrifying because what you're really dealing with is something inside of your head circuitry that has wired and that you know that the unwiring of it or the it will cause pain.
Pain that is real, but it's inside your head.
And it's not anything that you can turn off by concentrating or whatever.
I mean, it's a real, from a neurobiology perspective, it's terrifying to think of addiction.
Um, it's very terrifying to think of it.
Kyle's been to college and is the father of a little boy.
But four years ago, he became addicted to opioids and then heroin.
All right. Opiates, heroin and oxycodone. Um, anything else?
No? Okay. And this is, uh, first treatment time, right?
Yes, sir. All right. How are you feeling?
Very emotional. I got you.
Um, the emotional for everybody, she's waiting for her, her boy to come back.
Um, it's going to take Kyle about 30 days for you to really begin to see a change.
Says life and death, man. There's only three ways out of this, um, which is gets over,
which is what I pray for you. Um, the second one is, is prison. If you're lucky.
Third one is, you get buried.
I don't know how else to say it, but I'm at my end. I can't do this anymore.
I just can't. I love them so much, but I would rather not see them.
Then put up with this monster that I don't know.
Are you leaving? Yeah. All right. I love you.
I promise we'll take good care of it. Okay.
Kyle has 90 days to learn to live without opioids.
I gotta admit, as a father, I'm absolutely terrified that my oldest son's about to be a high schooler.
I'm absolutely terrified of it.
Not because I think he's dumb, but I think he's surrounded by dumb adults.
I think he's surrounded by evil adults. I think he's surrounded by dumb kids that are raised by dumb adults.
I'm very, very pessimistic, but he wants to go. He likes school. He likes the social aspect of it.
I think I'm actually going to keep my 12 year old son home from school next year.
And my daughter loves it too, but it's only because of the kids.
But I'm terrified because I know that there are things out there that were never there when I was a child.
There are dangers out there that were never there when I was a child.
The dangers that I faced in high school as a kid, believe it or not, were cigarettes and keg parties.
I never even smelled marijuana until I went to college.
There was no marijuana in Northern Wisconsin and kids didn't look for it.
We got kegs.
We had older brothers that would get kegs for somebody and then we'd bring them to a field and drink it dry.
And then drive in one long chain of headlights through town to get everybody home.
And it really does, without wanting to get emotional, it really does break my heart every day to think that I grew up in what is an idyllic kind of American dream in an idyllic kind of American place in Northern Wisconsin.
With just the right kind of people that cared about just the right things where half of my classmates just married their high school sweetheart and had kids right away.
And I am never, we are not giving that to our kids anymore.
It's not there anymore where
we have to be realistic about that.
What's happening to our children right now because of these phones and these screens that all of us put in front of our eyes like this all the time that our kids are putting their parents are now putting in front of their kids and strollers.
It's all part of the same thing.
It's all part of the same thing, guys.
It's all part of the same people that want to control demolish what we inherited from our parents, what we didn't know we had, what we took for granted.
It's being actively taken from us.
And I do believe the opioid crisis is a part of it.
I do believe that the pandemic lie was a huge part of it.
And I do believe that it's definitely not ending and it's not over.
It's one continuous theater that they pretend has punctuation in it.
How it feels to learn like my body aches a lot.
My thought process, it's slow.
I've got a lot of anger in me.
I've got a lot of sad emotions in me.
It's just I can't keep my emotions in one place.
And on top of that, I hurt.
I don't feel good.
One of my friends died.
It's one of my best friends.
And after that, me and my friend just kind of stuck together and we're doing these pills and it was just blocking out so much pain.
We were so stressed out, like fighting back tears every day.
I think that's how I got addicted was just blocking out that pain.
It made me feel good.
It made me forget.
It actually helped me out with a lot of things.
I depended on it.
That was my girl.
That was my love.
Just this last year, too many bad things.
I've lost my family and that wasn't enough.
That wasn't enough to make me want to change.
And mentally in my head, I've gotten close to suicide.
The pills are creating monsters and I don't think that they should be legal.
Just like tobacco addiction, the dangers of opioids have been hidden.
It has taken 20 years for the government to take action, for financial reasons.
In my office, filed a lawsuit against Purdue Pharma, Allergen, Sefalon, and Janssen Pharmaceuticals.
In putting this lawsuit together, we believe these companies are culpable for the tragic, heartbreaking number of Oklahomans who have become addicted or who have died as a result of the opioid epidemic in our state.
And remember, I'm trying to make that argument as clear as possible.
If you know that 10 pills might be dangerous to have in a family of five household medicine cabinet,
then why in Sam Hell would your company think it would be ok to produce billions of those pills and distribute it to them before you ever knew there would be demand?
Why would it be ok for them to create demand by making them cheap or giving out samples or encouraging doctors or telling doctors that these are special opiates that aren't addictive?
Because the United States government is populated by traders.
Traders who play the role of politician, but they don't actually work for us.
They work for them.
The weaponized piles of money that include pharmaceutical companies and their owners, right?
Pharmaceutical companies are toys that are owned by weaponized piles of money.
And different weaponized piles of money have different stakes in these toys.
But again, we're a little bit ignoring the fact that it's not the pharmaceutical companies that ended up producing these drugs.
It's actually the weaponized piles of money that own the pharmaceutical companies that decided that this was the way to go.
And those weaponized piles of money are the ones that can and are responsible for the encouraging doctors,
the changing of the media messaging, the controlling of the messaging on social media, all which is necessary for this to have occurred.
The whistleblowers, the injured or rather the family members, the grieving family members needed to be silenced.
They needed to be put in a cubby hole somewhere where America would never see them and never hear them complain and never come to the realization that
it's not possible for hundreds of thousands of Americans to be killed by these substances unless the pharmaceutical companies made enough to kill that many.
It's not possible for 500,000 people to die of opioid overdoses unless a pharmaceutical grade opioid overdoses unless there's enough pharmaceutical grade opioid for that many people to overdose.
And then if you found out that there's 10 times as much as that available in America right now, what could you possibly say other than we are under attack?
He's the Oklahoma Attorney General and the first one in his country to go to battle.
Mike Hunter is publicly accusing pharmaceutical companies of having caused this epidemic.
In order to prove it, he and his team have been investigating for more than a year.
It's not really pharmaceutical companies though. If you tell, say that the pharmaceuticals are bad guys and give them a billion dollar fine or even close down and shut down Pfizer,
that's not going to fix the problem because the weaponized piles of money that have influenced doctors and influenced the media and influenced social media and controlled the messaging and put all these commercials on television and encouraged or even told
the pharmaceutical companies exactly what to do will be completely absolved from it.
Because they don't do whatever they want to, they do what the weaponized piles of money tell them to do.
That's the reason why these companies are now going through the ESG thing.
Do you think that weaponized piles of money can force corporations to conform to ESG regulations and that they don't tell them what to make?
Are you kidding me?
Yes, my name is Reggie Whitten. I'm an attorney here in Oklahoma City.
My name is Michael Burridge. I am a lawyer in Oklahoma.
Okay, do you start reading this book yet?
General Hunter hired my law firm, Whitman Burridge, to represent the state of Oklahoma and try to recoup all of the costs that the state has incurred because of the opioid epidemic.
We get this person as an expert.
Let's see if I can find it.
I think we're going to be able to prove that 80% of all the crime in the state of Oklahoma is directly caused by this opioid epidemic.
And our prisons are overfilled because of it.
Loss of productivity of tax paying citizens costs the state money.
But I'm anxious to get this first battle started.
What they did to this country.
Hey, what they did to this country, I like it. We're starting to get angry.
This historical hearing will take place in a few days.
Today, Reggie Whitten will explain his motivations to a group of students, but this struggle is a personal law.
My partner Reggie has been involved in fighting the opioid addiction and the opioid crisis ever since the death of his son Brandon.
I had a niece that died also related to drugs.
And so when the Attorney General talked to us about representing the state in this case, I think he knew that we both had family members that died because of the epidemic.
We're going to talk to incoming freshman athletes at the University of Oklahoma.
I'm going to tell him the story about my son Brandon and about the power of addiction and how dangerous it is.
And maybe save somebody's life.
The one thing that I find very interesting to state here is that I want you to be very careful to start thinking about this in a little bit more sophisticated way because we grew up in the error of dare and other groups like that
and the way that we talked about drugs was like gateway drugs and this kind of thing.
We need to talk and tell the truth to our children.
Okay, and that's extremely important to tell the truth to our children.
There are substances which are extremely addictive and actually stimulate circuitry that we understand as addictive.
And then there are drugs that don't.
And you can become addicted to drugs that don't for other reasons and other ways by other mechanisms, but the way that opioids hijack your brain and make you unable to make correct choices based on your desire for that substance is very different than the way marijuana does it.
Or the way that nicotine does it.
And so part of the biology here, which I find extraordinarily dis-satisfactorily explained not in this documentary, I don't expect them to do it, but just in general would be that the average doctor being a numb skull in almost every one of these subject matters is also a numb skull about addiction
and will equate these things.
And what that does is create a very, very false dichotomy in their minds.
For example, with this guy, he's going to talk about addiction.
He has to talk about it very carefully and explain to them that just because you're a person who could smoke a few cigarettes for a year and not become addicted to them or just because you tried coke one.
So just because you've smoked a couple joints doesn't mean that you don't have the addictive surgery that other addictive circuitry that other people do.
Opioids and especially pharmaceutical grade opioids tap into a circuit that a lot of those gateway drugs actually don't tap into.
Yes, you can become addicted to drinking alcohol. Yes, you can become dependent on marijuana. Yes, you can become dependent on ice cream and Netflix.
But no matter how much you can ruin yourself with Netflix and ice cream addiction, it's not the same neurobiological phenomenon that occurs with these pharmaceutical grade opioids with morphine and heroin.
And so don't let them bottle those all together and confuse you into thinking with a stupid simple model of addiction.
And that's what makes this even more criminally malevolent is that by doing that, they've also confused doctors and healthcare providers and young people about where the danger is.
And therefore, it's easier for people to slip into it.
Because they don't respect it for what it is.
If you just told kids that when you're 22 or 23, if you're going to have a joint with your friends and your, you know, it's, it's joint that you got from somewhere safe and you know there's no car fentanyl in it.
It probably won't hurt you to sit there and smoke that with them and have a few beers. You know, I'm not going to get pissed if you do that.
Don't do it all the time though to make you lose her.
That might be better truth than saying that addiction and all drugs lead to the same place and all drugs are bad and so you shouldn't have any of it because that dumb simple statement allows for other people in young people's lives to contradict it
with like, well, your mom's not really telling you the truth. Your counselor didn't tell you the truth at all. That's not how things work. That's, that's really an oversimplified version of what's happening here.
And I don't know why they would lie to you.
And that's why I keep playing that coach prime clip every day that truth is good for kids.
I think we're so busy lying. We can't even see the truth no more in society.
And it's really true.
What started out is lying about the Easter Bunny or lying about the tooth fairy for a couple years has turned out to be lying about marijuana and lying about tobacco and lying about alcohol and lying about voting ages and lying about sex
and lying about sexually transmitted disease and lying about vaccines and lying about opioids and lying about foreign affairs and lying about fractional reserve banking, lying about successful businesses, lying about bankruptcy, lying about student loans, lying about universities,
lying about every single aspect of our society with either a stupid simple explanation or a dumb simple explanation or a stupid complicated explanation that disables the young people from becoming understanding responsible adults that participate as citizens and exercise their rights to say no.
Instead, we are creating people that can't exercise any rights of sovereignty because they are participating in illusion of reality that includes lots and lots of liars willing to lie to you about opioids, willing to you lie to you about the contents of the food and giant eagle
willing to lie to you about the contents of the water in your tome town or in the air that you breathe, the stuff that comes out of your car or the eco value of electric cars. I mean, it's insanity.
We've got to be honest with our children. There are lots and lots of people that are lying to them in the world right now in order to govern them by their lives in order to ruin what we had in America.
And we Americans need to wake up. We need to take our children back their consciousness back and we need to take our country back. It's going to take a decade 20 maybe 20 years 30 years to do it.
And that's how we do it one young person at a time one person that you put your arm around and explain to them that man oh man I'm sorry but we really blew it.
But we still have a chance.
We can do it together.
And these people need need our help.
The opioid victims in America in the last four years need our help. They need our support. They need our recognition.
And the people that are dying every day from this need our help, because there's no excuse for this amount of substance to be available be produced being out on our streets.
And for us to be instead raising money to fight the World Health Organization for shit sake starting nonprofits to fight the World Health Organization liars trying to bring down America traders is what they are.
Hi everybody.
I think I got a chance to shake almost everybody's hand when you came in I was trying to figure out what sport you are it's hard to guess every sport from your, you know, your size but thank you guys for coming.
So let me introduce you to my co speaker tonight.
This is Brandon.
Brandon is not here today.
And I'll tell you why later.
This is me when I was at OU and I had this young son also when I had more hair.
Brandon was a kid little kid.
Brandon, his plan was to go to college and play football, which he did.
He ended up playing on a national championship football team.
Never got in any kind of trouble.
And the drug that brought him down was an opioid.
And it did not come from the streets.
It came from a pharmacy.
I just told him stop using those pills.
I found out it's not that easy.
I found out it's like telling a diabetic to use more willpower and stop needing insulin. You can't do that. That's crazy.
I never told him about addiction.
I'm glad he said it because that's the way it is.
If you watch rats and how they behave, they will eat their paw off in order to get it.
If you watch how rats behave, you can do it with cocaine.
So don't you think that you could do it with a pharmaceutical grade, an opioid that is like, did you see that picture of heroin and fentanyl and car fentanyl?
These people don't stand a chance.
They don't stand a chance, ladies and gentlemen.
And nobody seems to give a shit.
I never warned him.
And so now I have survivor guilt now.
But I'm living with it.
So I started a foundation called Fighting Addiction Through Education because I think education is the key to this problem.
But when I tell this story at schools, it gets so quiet.
You could hear a pin drop.
And they're not really interested in me.
They're interested in Brandon.
Wow, why did she show the Jordan 4's?
That's funny.
He was one of them.
Are those 3's?
I think those were 3's.
That Brandon can end up getting hooked.
They could too.
And that is the truth.
These pills that big pharmacelles, they're essentially heroin pills.
Most people don't know that, but these opioids are essentially...
In 2016, they killed what?
And that is the truth.
These pills that big pharmacelles...
64,000 people in America.
In 2016.
And it's been building and building 2019.
It went.
It went bananas.
And it's only a question of how you calculate all cause mortality.
It's only a question of how you tell the story as to whether this is excess deaths or it's COVID deaths or excess deaths due to the pandemic.
They're essentially heroin pills.
Most people don't know that, but these opioids are essentially the same as heroin.
That's the key.
I think that that's a mistake.
I don't think they're heroin.
They are much, much, much, much more dangerous than heroin.
I don't think that the pharmaceutical companies have adequately qualified, quantified how much more effective they are than heroin.
They would never want you to know that.
That would be proprietary information.
How long does it stay bound to the opioid receptor?
How long does all these effects...
I'm sure they know it, but if they told you exactly what they see when they compare the pharmacokinetics at the receptor for some of these substances with heroin, I would be willing to bet that that information is so shocking that it's classified.
And if someone wants to be astute enough to look that stuff up and prove me wrong and show me what the difference is between, I don't know, receptor dwell time with one drug versus another.
I'd be happy to read the numbers and I'm sure they're shocking.
Since if they're not addictive, that's the killer.
Literally.
Thank you guys for being a good audience.
And I'm hoping...
They're not addictive is what they said.
They told doctors.
They were allowed to say it.
The Purdue pharma, I think, was kind of convicted of saying, that's not a small lie.
It's not a small lie.
They were allowed to get away with, ladies and gentlemen.
And it's not the only lie they've been allowed to get away with.
We cannot allow them to get away with lies anymore.
It's been 2.41.
The rest of this documentary I'm going to watch after I get some lunch because I'm hungry.
And if I watch it and I find something good, I will report it tomorrow in the start.
Here's the link to the video in the chat so you can finish watching it as well.
I encourage you to keep watching and send it to your family and friends so that they become aware of the fact that something bigger is happening in America.
And we are being told a very stupid, simple, dumb, simple explanation for what has happened in America that just involves a novel virus and some nincompoops and some rushing and some cutting corners.
And that's it.
And that dumb, simple explanation for what's going on in America, which is actually a controlled demolition of America by any means necessary by all possible avenues than we might have a chance.
So, thank you very much for being here.
Thank you very much for joining me tomorrow.
I am going to take another curveball and I'm going to watch a, a, why isn't that?
Oh, I didn't come.
Sorry.
I'm going to watch a video with Gurk Gigarenzer.
Gurk Gigarenzer gave a really good presentation at the Broken Science Initiative meeting that I was at in a couple months ago in April.
And so I have a recording of that now because it's been posted on the Broken Science Initiative website.
And so I'm going to watch that and I'm going to try to give a little bit of an introduction into the work that I would like to help you accomplish with regard to the Broken Science Initiative and understanding what preparing science is and what, what this guy stole told us about induction and this kind of thing.
So tomorrow we'll be a little more relaxing day, not so intense because Gurk Gigarenzer is a really gentle German guy.
And he's going to tell us the story of how, how, how probability and preparing falsification of no hypotheses has become this sort of ritual, which I think would be better characterized as kind of a hamster wheel that everybody thinks that they get in there and they run it a few times that they've accomplished something.
And he does a very excellent job of giving you an overview of how over time that has really destroyed what was was a, a real ivory tower and what was really a real pursuit of knowledge has, has become the production of noise in most fields.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining me. This has been Gigaone Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by a biologist.
And yeah, I'll see you again tomorrow.
The word is preparing and it refers to the philosopher Popper. That's his name.
So if you want to look that up, that's where you would start. And then anybody is talking about science that follows this idea of, of what Popper did. Yes, Carl Popper.
It's called Paparium. So anyway, it's just what the Phil philosophers have said. That's not my, I'm, I'm just cutting my teeth. Don't, don't, please don't take this as me representing expertise. We're going to learn it together. That's the idea. See you soon.